MTM-65382 Pulsar clients can publish messages to SmartREST topics (#4474)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/mqtt-service-bundle/pulsar-client.md

The rate of alarm sending is limited to avoid overloading the tenant with redundant alarms alerting about the same error on different messages.
The following alarms are raised for invalid messages on the Pulsar `to-device` topic:

| Alarm type                               | Description                                                            |
|------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `c8y_MqttService_ToDevice_NoKey`         | The message key is not set.                                            |

> | `c8y_MqttService_ToDevice_InvalidKey`    | The message key is set but does not match the client id or topic.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `c8y_MqttService_ToDevice_InvalidKey`    | The message key is set but does not match the `clientID` or `topic`.      |
```
